COMMENT1:
In high school Two kids both named Logan 

Both last names were very similar

One was popular and the other was not

Unpopular Logan was drunk and ran across a road in the middle of the night and was killed by a semi-truck

The next day the principle announced that popular Logan had died

Popular Logan was late for school.

Everyone was very sad

Then popular Logan showed up and all school rejoiced that unpopular Logan was the one who died

Was fucked up

COMMENT2:
Senior prank, someone dumped a few hundred pounds of flour and yeast into the school indoor pool, in hopes of turning it into a giant glob of dough (I guess).  It didn’t work, just caused about 100K damage to plumbing, pumps, filters, etc. Prankster never caught.

COMMENT3:
We had so many pregnant teen girls that they had their own gym class.

A friend of mine who had a fake leg— he had a solid metal rod from mid thigh to mid calf from childhood leukemia so he couldn’t bend at the knee, was in the same class. Just this one poor guy and 30 pregnant 16 year olds.

COMMENT4:
1. The broomstick rape of a high school freshman by three baseball teammates.


2. 5 years later the female assistant principal lifted the skirts of girls attending a dance to make sure the students were not wearing thong underwear.

Edit: 1 occurred in 1997, 2 in 2002. School is in San Diego, California

COMMENT5:
[removed]

COMMENT6:
a girl had an epilepsy attack and she lost control of her bowels. Not a pretty sight.

Mean girls type made fun of her, and she transferred to another high school.

COMMENT7:
A sophomore (my classmate) dropped unconscious in gym class and was rushed to the hospital. 3 days later they took him off life support and he died from a brain aneurysm.

Edit to add: his funeral was held in the high school gym and damn near everyone went. Never in my life did I think I’d attend a funeral AT school.

COMMENT8:
A science teacher was beaten, chased and fatally set on fire by her husband who then shot himself.

COMMENT9:
My high school had a riot and there was and still is a picture of my principal choking a student.

COMMENT10:
My school has a kid nicknamed the “Study hall stroker”. Self explanatory.

COMMENT11:
A group of kids threw a desk out the 3rd story window. The desk crashed onto a girl's head and broke her neck. Fortunately she lived.

COMMENT12:
One of our japanese teachers got stabbed in the back by a South Korean exchange student. Apparently he'd said some pretty insensitive things about North vs South Korea and the next day the student came to school with a knife. Teacher was ok. Kid was jailed for 18 months.

COMMENT13:
Guy caught masturbating to his crush in class after cutting her name onto his wrist with a sharpener blade, worst part, i was sitting beside him when this happened

COMMENT14:
Someone sprayed Butyric Acid throughout the entire school. In high concentrations, it smells like pure vomit. School reeked for weeks. Police were involved etc. No culprit was ever found.

COMMENT15:
We had the states (probably all of the US) largest sting operation in our school. It began with a “senior” who looked 25 started at the school. He wouldn’t date any girls, had horrible grades, and missed a lot of school. This under cover cop was trying to buy drugs in school property. He was there for several months, one day we were all sitting in class and in the class next to us a few cops plus the principal started pulling students out of classes and arresting them. Turns out something like 20+ kids were arrested plus some parents in the whole operation. Made the front page of the AJC with photos and everything. 

He had like a 7 in math class, and when the teacher would call his parents to discuss his grades they’d get a separate line to what ever police office was acting like a parent. Apparently he was told to start trying more in class. 

Pretty funny for those not involved.

COMMENT16:
Pretty tame compared to some of the other stuff here, but my school at one point decided to crack down on anyone who had ever connected to the TOR Network from the school wifi (including on personal devices). Over the course of a day or two, around 200 students were informed that they were banned from using all electronic devices (including those required for class work) while in school for a semester. 

I remember walking into a programming class and the teacher asking anyone who still had computer access to raise their hand. None did.

COMMENT17:
A kid came to school with a machete and tree saw and slashed 7 students the day before Thanksgiving break. 

And a girl fell through the gym’s acoustic ceiling tiles and had to wear a halo.

COMMENT18:
The teacher who looked so much like a 70s pornstar, did turn out to have made porn in the 70s.

COMMENT19:
My science teacher shot himself with a rifle in his garden. Struggled with depression for a long time

COMMENT20:
There was a guy who broke up with his girlfriend and started dating someone new. The ex went into a jealous rage, stole a knife from cooking class, pulled the new girl aside at lunch to “talk” and nearly stabbed her to death. Multiple stab wounds including one that was dangerously close to her heart. She survived, and the ex went to juvi. In fact, she recently got out and added a ton of us on FB.

COMMENT21:
My highschool went on lockdown because my mother was going through a manic episode, thought I was the second coming of Jesus, and said she was going to save me.

I honestly never lived it down.

COMMENT22:
Married male teacher in his late-30s having an affair with a senior female student. Fairly ordinary. They didn’t hide it though, we used to see them smooching all the time. 

Rumour says he lost his job over it and then followed her to another city when she left for university. She then dumped him for a boy her own age.

COMMENT23:
One of the best students from this one class was found to have stolen his teacher's smartphone and online banking details. He got caught when he did the first transaction.   


He apparently was into football and wanted to buy some specific football boots but his parents won't let him.

COMMENT24:
1982, rural Indiana.

Someone went into the bathroom, lit a cigarette, and stuck the fuse from a quarterstick/m80 in the other end. Destroyed  one toilet and a section of the wall.

State police bomb squad called in. Explosive trained dogs. Even FBI.

I was one of those questioned as I was the typical stoner loser burnout kid.

I know who did it. It was one of the 'pretty people' as they were called back then. He even kinda confirmed it while drunk at our 30th reunion.

COMMENT25:
My class had an anonymous blogger a la Gossip Girl who would target each of us in turns like spreading rumours about students and teachers and trying to turn friend groups against each other (this was an all female class). 

Nothing too dramatic but we spent the whole year trying to figure out who it was (narrowed it down to be someone from our class and from band). In the end we gave up because everyone found her writing style so over the top and annoying and the lack of attention caused the blog posts to appear less frequently til it stopped altogether

COMMENT26:
In 3 months November, December and January 3 guys in my graduating class all died. 1 from suicide, 1 from a skiing accident and 1 on the track at school. It was extremely eerie and sad

COMMENT27:
There was a kid with a violent background who got sent to the local high school in my area from another school (or district maybe?). For some reason the city/state didn't want him to go to jail for being a violent shitty person and hid his records while transferring him.

Well, he ended up murdering a girl at the high school he transferred to. I think he raped her as well. Then IIRC he raped and murdered his cellmate after going to prison after that. I think he's dead now.

Edit: I was actually wrong about the reason he was at the school. He had a juvenile record and been in special classes due to behavioral disorders (couldn't find details, but I assume violent tendencies), but a policy of "full inclusion" of special ed students means he was integrated into normal school classes.

COMMENT28:
My high school in Australia had agricultural learning so we had livestock at the far end of the oval and some facilities. In the 90s someone broke into the school and slaughtered all of the animals (ALL of them) and drew pentagrams and swastikas in blood all over the school. And left decapitated heads around. Pretty historical event for that school!

COMMENT29:
Someone brought their capybara to school and it ended up becoming class president

COMMENT30:
So back in the early 80s a kid at our schools older brother disappeared.  The cops searched the neighbourhood and went door to door trying to find out what happened to him. Spoke to every kid in school in case they knew anything. Wasn't long before he was discovered ro have been the victim of a serial.killer.  he was only 16.

COMMENT31:
One of the science teachers thought having a class project around creating mini rockets would be a fun little activity. Well unfortunately he didn’t notify the school where or when they were going to test these. So the school goes into lockdown because of the explosions. Him and his class get locked out of the school. Or at least that’s what I’ve been told. Wasn’t actually in that class

COMMENT32:
There was a “poop-a-traitor” leaving smeared faeces around the walls in the bathroom. I found one and I’ll never forget, it was picture was of a flower and sun, drawn in poop. There were several incidents before the person was caught “brown handed” and several jokes about “code browns”

COMMENT33:
My high school had a lot of pine trees in the front grounds, with an adjacent area of open lawn and low shrubs that sloped down to the main road in front. The word spread like wildfire between classes one day that two senior students were engaging in coitus on the sloping grass area during class time, hidden from the school area but in full view of cars driving past. Some of these drivers called the school to complain, and three teachers were sent out to locate the two students and enforce decency, so to speak. I never heard later what happened to the two students involved.  


Edit: 'Coitus' used as substitute for 'having sex', bonking, doing the horizontal tango, etc.

COMMENT34:
3 younger girls (one of them was my classmate's girlfriend at the time) got trampled/suffocated to death in an overcrowded music venue. They let in close to 3000 people which was about double the place's actual capacity, but there were some other damning circumstances (they ushered people through too quickly as the doors were opened late, and apparently someone falsely yelled that someone got stabbed on one of the higher up floors which caused panic and people were trying to flee). I don't think my mate ever really got over it, but at least they cracked down on some places in the area and rules became stricter. Still too many shit venues around tho.

COMMENT35:
One of the guys at our High School thought it would be funny to pretend he had died in a car accident on a specific date (I've forgotten it now), so he didn't show up for class \~ had friends spread rumors right at the beginning of the day about it \~ People were grieving because he was apart of the popular group, and just well known all around.

So he walks in near the middle of the day smiling and laughing, people were shocked but amused (Don't ask me why...).

A year later, exactly a year later... on the day - he dies in a car wreck due to him and three others crossing the boarder between states to get drugs - the girl driving tried to swerve due to a armadillo.

Out of the four people he was the only one to die. People thought it was him trying to pull the same joke that year around, but no.

COMMENT36:
Which one do you want? Our senior T shirts were literally “the incident” from each year. 

Freshman: Older HS kids are having a party near the end of the school year, get busted, one tries to run from the cops and crashes into the electrical transformer in front of the school giving everyone 2 days off. 

Sophomore: Some moron stole 3 mercury thermometers from a science class and decided it would be fun to smash them in the gym during a passing period. School was evacuated and the gym was closed for a week. 

Junior: Someone made a bomb threat against the school. The police said they had it covered and kids wouldn’t be in danger. Only about half the school showed up anyway. It was a very odd day.  

Senior: Kid brought a gun to school to show his friend. Others kids saw it and by the time I arrived (free period first period so I didn’t have to come to school until period 2 senior year) the school was surrounded by police officers and news copters and I was yelled at to “go home”. School was locked down all day as they went room to room searching. My old Spanish teacher actually thought the cops were the active shooter and tackled one as he came into the room. He ended up with a giant lump on his head, but he was a hero to us all after that.

COMMENT37:
Bomb threat and armed police storming the building I think?

Also on a trip to Iceland, everyone got food poisoning and the teacher who was meant to look after the kids was out getting drunk and hitting on women at a local bar. He got in trouble for that.

COMMENT38:
Two guys *swam* to school (it was located on an island) through the most busy commercial shipping lane on the continent.

COMMENT39:
Here's how senior year worked - classes finished 2 weeks before exams started. Exams went on for 2 weeks. Then 2 weeks later there was the graduation and prom. On the last day of classes, the seniors get sent off. It's a pretty big deal with the junior class lining up to hand out flowers and throw confetti as the seniors leave the main school building in a procession. It's really special thing and a part of the larger graduation festivities.

Well, the "incident" was that around 30 people from my class of 120 decided to have an all-night party and get absolutely hammered. They showed up to school absolutely blathered. They were spewing in the hallways and running around the outside bench areas screaming and kicking chairs. They didn't show up to any of the classes, and that was kind of important for a send off on the last day of classes.

By 11 am, the administration had had enough. Junior classes and below still had about a month of classes to go, so they didn't care about the noisy idiots outside their windows. The dean ended up calling a school assembly where he cancelled the send-off and gave a speech instead about how disappointed he was in my entire graduating year. Everyone in my graduating year was kicked off the school grounds.

COMMENT40:
Some douchebag fell down the stairs because he was high as fuck and he was never seen again.

COMMENT41:
One student was picked up at work by her ex boyfriend one night, as she got off work at Sears at the mall. Her ex boyfriend proceeded to drive them both to the cemetery where they had previously spent time together (she was goth), killed her with a gun and then set the car on fire to complete a murder suicide. It was state testing week and lemme tell you nobody was worrying about testing that week.

COMMENT42:
HS Football Friday. One of the players emancipated himself and had a small shack out in the woods. Big kegger. An older kid graduate shows up as some point. Later that night the older kid DDrives into the rear end of a pay loader, killing him. 

An investigation leads to many underage kids getting in trouble. Starting football lineup was all involved. Wrecked the season. The emancipated kid took all the trouble. We had an assembly and the principal says “heads will roll”

COMMENT43:
The superintendent's daughter was at a party dancing drunk on the table she finished a bottle of captain Morgan then shoved it up her puss

COMMENT44:
There was a suitcase that was left unattended across the street from the school, just standing upright on the sidewalk. It had been there for hours and so the principal freaked out because she thought it was a bomb, so the bomb squad arrived followed by twenty million cop cars while the students went on lockdown. 
Turns out some dude genuinely just forgot his suitcase on accident (maybe he was carrying a bunch of stuff or was in a rush?) and all of that was for nothing.
Memes were made about it and were being uploaded to the unofficial school instagram DURING the lockdown

COMMENT45:
Two actually.. both really bad ..

1. a kid who was homosexual got a blanket thrown over him in a stairway where they beat him mercilessly and then threw him down the stairs. Never caught who did it. He never came back and I don't blame him.

2. Two kids called up a pizza place and ordered a pizza for delivery to an abandoned house.  When the delivery guy came they proceeded to shoot him multiple times until he was dead. Really bad scene they even based a law and order episode about it.

COMMENT46:
So this was like 15-16 years ago. Our school used to have a fun little rivalry activity during homecoming week. We had three school colors: red, white, and black. On the day of the homecoming assembly, each grade year was assigned one of the colors, and whichever grade has the most participation would be the winner. (Sophomores wore red, Juniors wore white, and Seniors wore black.) People would get VERY into it - dying their hair, making signs, trying to bribe teachers onto their teams, etc. It was honestly a lot of stupid fun in a slightly more innocent/ignorant time. Things that would appear to be an obvious problem today (blackface, anyone?) were not really in our Wonderbread Midwestern zeitgeist. Of course, the year after I graduated, it went too far. 

Most years, the seniors would win this little competition, and the juniors would be grumpy about it. Anticipating this, a few idiot juniors thought it would be funny to show their disdain by dressing up in white with KKK hoods, with a fake lynched black 'senior' dangling from a pole...

Yeah. Bad time. 

Last I heard, the kids were suspended, the principal voluntarily retired in response to the backlash, and I'm pretty sure that little tradition has been dead ever since...

COMMENT47:
[removed]

COMMENT48:
Teenage pregnancies 

One of the girls shoplifting on a school trip abroad - got caught with the police involved (don’t actually know the outcome of that one looking back)

Usual crap really!

COMMENT49:
We had your standard public school stuff, creepy teachers (I've actually found one of them on reddit before, ick), fights at least weekly, etc.

But the one that stands out above all is the Phantom Shitter.

The phantom shitter is a still unidentified student who, in between the two busiest lunch periods of the day, managed to take a massive, stinky dump in the middle of the hallway leading to the cafeteria. Nobody saw who did it, and somehow the cameras caught nothing. 

The school barely even tried to catch him, they knew they were no match for the sheer willpower of the phantom shitter.

COMMENT50:
This is pretty tame but funny. We had a music teacher who absolutely doused herself in perfume. It was like a cloud all around her all day, every day. You could pretty much smell her before you saw her.

We had music after lunch so a few were in the room to kill the remaining 10 mins of lunch. One girl went through her desk and found her perfume and sprayed it once laughing that she was Mrs X.

Few minutes later Mrs X walks in, sniffs and starts looking around and we all think we are in trouble because she must know we were in the drawers.

She then proceeds to tell the girls that they shouldn't wear such cheap, nasty perfume because now her room stinks of cheap perfume. Never tried harder to stifle a laugh in my life.

COMMENT51:
When this guy wearing a junior ROTC uniform hijacked a bus. I grew up in the hood, so when newscasters interviewed fellow students, all they did was clown on the guy. I was cracking up watching it on tv because media was trying to make it look like it had the same gravity as a school shooting but the students themselves treated it like it was hoodrat shenanigans.

COMMENT52:
School officer killed himself at home.  The day after the news made its way around school some kid wore the Marilyn Manson shirt with a cop putting a gun to his own head.

Another kid at my school tried to put a goat curse on a teacher.  He was later on a Sally Jesse Raphael episode in full goth talking about how he shaves everywhere but his head.

Not my school, but one in the next district had the suicide that the song Jeremy by Pearl Jam is about.

COMMENT53:
Coolest guy in school was an amazing guitarist, really good at finger picking, super lovely, talked to everyone, even the teachers loved him. He was in my homeroom (Australian Highschool) he was older but he used to let me sit near him sometimes. One weekend he went out with some friends to play with fire crackers (fire crackers are super illegal here because of the Bush fire risk) anyway, the guy BLEW ALL OF HIS FINGERS ON BOTH HANDS OFF.....
He didn't come back to school for a few months, and then one day he came back, sat in the corner with a hoodie over his face and his hands buried deep in his pockets. Never spoke to anyone again. Couldnt play guitar- couldn't even open a door. So fucking sad. We were all so sad for him.

COMMENT54:
There were several, all involving the sophomores when I was a senior. Like, there was something seriously wrong with the class of 2008.

Some highlights:

One kid started printing $20 bills from his dad's office. Apparently he was good at it as the Secret Service paid him a visit.

Multiple incidents of alcohol on campus. My class wasn't innocent in this, we all at one time passed around a bottle of spiked Gatorade. But these kids drank to such excess that they had to be hospitalized. It got to the point where the school banned all water bottles and drinks from home.

And finally, the great thermometer incident of 2006. Basically a group of sophomores broke open an old glass thermometer and played with the mercury inside. They did this in the cafeteria before first bell. So around 2nd period an announcement is made telling everyone who was in the caf before first bell to report to the auditorium immediately. A third of the school shows up, myself included. They then proceed to lock us in and inform us we have to wait to be cleared by a hazmat team. That hazmat team took their sweet fucking time getting there and we didn't leave the school until 6-7pm. Those of us with jobs basically lost a day's pay. It's been 17 years, and I still wanna throat punch the three stooges who did that.

Edit: I forgot to add, around 2-3pm some rumor started that Hazmat had arrived and was ready to start checking students. this led to hundreds of kids gathering around the stage of the auditorium. A crowd crush almost occurred. One kid was wheeled off on a stretcher with thankfully minor injuries. All of this because some idiot wanted to play with mercury

COMMENT55:
Physical Education teacher in her late 20’s slept with a 17y/o student. Teacher lost her job, the student was praised for “bagging the hot teacher.”

COMMENT56:
We had a social studies teacher who was....eccentric.  very weird guy.  So my last year of school, he wins Teacher of the Year.  He's giving his acceptance speech for it and he references a student who'd been sexually assaulted a week ago and says, "Just like Molly, I wasn't expecting it but I wanted it"

Jaws hit the fucking floor.  He was fired not long after.

COMMENT57:
I went to a Catholic school. 
The school priest was accused of molesting a disabled minor. Never heard of him again after the accusation. I don’t know if he did it but the guy was kinda creepy.

COMMENT58:
the only thing I can think of was when during the sports area makeover (that also happened to be during our mock exams) they found unfired or live or whatever bomb and evacuated everyone and had to call a bomb squad

merits of living in a post-Soviet country that had a colorful history for most of the last 1000 years

COMMENT59:
In the 5th grade, our P.E. teacher had our class hula hoop for physical activity. Two girls in the class ended up hula hooping the entire 45 minutes - 1 hour of the class without stopping. Our teacher decided that it would be fun to see how long these two girls could go.

By the end of the school day, one girl was still going and had not stopped. Our teacher then got the wild idea that this girl should keep going to try breaking the world record. The students parent’s were called and they gave her permission to make the attempt. Someone looked up the rules of Guinness World Records and discovered that you can take a few minutes break every hour.

The local news was called and they filmed this poor girl hula hooping her heart out. She finally gave up around 12:30am. This took place in the late 1980’s in Roswell, GA. at Mimosa elementary.

The same year, the same P.E. teacher taught our class to juggle. Within 3 months, she started a juggling club in which I was a member. We eventually had a choreographed routine, with music, printed ‘Mimosa Jugglers’ tee-shirts and began performing our routine at other local elementary schools. It was weird but actually pretty fun at the time. We juggled balls, rings and plastic bowling pins. I ended up discovering that I could juggle 3 apples while taking a bite out of one - it was a crowd pleaser lol.

COMMENT60:
High school:  The SRO turned out to be a baby fucker. He was caught raping his *INFANT* niece.  Like 6 months old infant. He’s in prison. 

Middle school: the girls basketball coach/school PE teacher (Mr. Osborn) was running a pedophile grooming game on the popular girls. 

They would fight to get to “eat lunch” with him in the boys locker room where his office was (room with cinderblock walls behind three separate heavy metal doors made for privacy because it was a locker room. This locker room was also our tornado shelter because it was *so secure*). 

He played favorites and pitted children against each other to fight for his attention. He collected gifts and praise from anyone he could but acted like it was unwanted attention. He insisted on girls wearing volleyball spanx for practice/class. He cycled through girls depending on his mood/what they would do for him. They followed him around like he was their entire purpose for existing. He groomed them and molested/raped them as he saw fit until finally they all caught the same sexually transmitted disease and the jealousy caused world war three between the popular girls and he couldn’t keep it on the down low any longer. Parents learned the kids were fighting because they all thought the basketball coach was their exclusive boyfriend. Cops came. He was fired/sued. No criminal charges though as he was a “respected member of the community”. (This happened in the early 90’s)

Elementary school: attention seeking mini Karen wrote herself a bomb threat to get everyone looking at/after her. School was evacuated, police illegally interrogated and threatened students looking for the culprit. She fessed up 5 hours into the lock down.

COMMENT61:
kid in the year below me hung himself in a forest somewhere

COMMENT62:
When I was a junior in high school, a kid in the grade below me set our school on fire and successfully burned down a big part of it.  It happened in April the Monday after prom.  He got caught cheating on the standardized tests that the state of Texas required us to take at that time, and this is how he chose to retaliate for not getting to finish his test.  We had just taken the tests, and they were all in the front office waiting to get shipped to the state.  Therefore they all burned and we had to retake them.

COMMENT63:
The religious coordinator for the school, who was also the year 12 mentor was having sex with a 16 year old student and it wasn’t found out until she had left school and her friend told the school, who then told police. Lost his job, has child sex charges against him.

COMMENT64:
At the end of my senior year, one of the girls in our senior class got pregnant.

That's it. We were a magnet school full of nerds excelling in medical science and only 304 people in my graduating class. No one ever got pregnant in our high school before.

COMMENT65:
Not my high school but one near me, someone got access to all the monitors in the school and just blasted porn, video and all. Was wild.

COMMENT66:
The vice principal looked over a boy's stall door to 'see if he was vaping'. He was not vaping. The VP did not get fired. They suspended the boy.

COMMENT67:
We had a woodshop teacher accidentally cut off 3 of his fingers in front of one of his classes. Ironically, he was teaching about safety when it happened.

COMMENT68:
Chlorine plant across the street blew up

COMMENT69:
Softball coach had a heart attack in the girls locker room 2 hours after practice, luckily there was one girl still there to call 911 for  him.

COMMENT70:
Well, considering I graduated in 1970 from a very small midwestern school largely run by Mennonites, I seem to recall someone 'might' have gotten pregnant.  I can still see old Mr. Turner walking down the aisle calling 'two feet/two feet' telling all boys and girls to stay two feet apart.  lol  Oh the good ole days.

COMMENT71:
Cheerleader getting suspended leave for flashing her boobs during pep rally. I was in the pep rally. I missed it.

COMMENT72:
The revolution against the principal, eggs were thrown, fireworks were blown, kids were marching in the halls on their own

COMMENT73:
My Spanish teachers daughter daughter killed her step father. Was in math class with the killer, she was a shy awkward girl. Made national news at the time. 

Was sad because a year earlier the Spanish teacher killed herself. She wasn’t a very well liked teacher so students made jokes about it.

https://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/sdut-new-sentence-woman-plotted-2007-stepdad-murder-2015jul13-story.html

COMMENT74:
Shortly after I left my school, one of my old teachers had a nervous breakdown and was institutionalized.

Edit: This comment blew up so I changed a few words to better protect their identity.

COMMENT75:
I was homeschooled and my entire existence was "the incident" lmao

COMMENT76:
Final year female student got raped and murdered

Female teacher slept with a final year male student

COMMENT77:
It was... 3 years ago I think, a girl that has the same grade as me (that I never met) got raped and killed by her uncle, the rapist's dead body was later found hanging on an abandoned building, and he also left a letter. I think the letter says "To the parents of (girl's name)I apologize for what I did and please forgive me. What I did was wrong".

COMMENT78:
My senior year a girl was pushed into the bathroom and was SA, the school didn’t do anything about it.

COMMENT79:
A lad leaned to far back on his chair and split his head open. Everybody in the UK knows about it, apparently.

COMMENT80:
Two kids broke a window to get a long snow day... And when that failed they broke into the school and trashed it. They threw paint and dirt everywhere, ruined the cafeteria with mayo and ketchup from the machines, destroyed the classrooms of teachers they didn't like,  broke windows, left the anatomy and phys cat carcasses out overnight on the upper floor (they thought the cats would rot despite being preserved with formaldehyde, to b show how dumb these people were), and generally fucked the place up. School had to replace the gym floor. Theatre club had to redo some props and costumes, which is extra shitty because the play that year was I Never Saw Another Butterfly... A story about the fucking Holocaust. And they ONLY destroyed the Jewish character costumes, but not the two SS officer costumes that l had literal swastikas on them.

These idiots did this while dressed in hoodies from a different, majority black school. They were white and didn't cover their faces so the CCTV cams caught everything.

We did get like a week off while they cleaned, these losers got expelled, and the one senior in the group didn't get to even graduate.

COMMENT81:
Very hot, very much married teacher with 2 kids slept with a senior. He was already 18 so the whole thing got buried, she was fired and the story never really got out except for those of us who knew the guy personally. She had been flirting with him and communicating on the dl for most of high school but waited until he was 18 actually do anything.

COMMENT82:
The senior prank. The school had just poured thousands of dollars into a remodel. New entrance, New Steel welded sign and all new parking lot/entry way. Two months later, weeks before graduation, the sign of the school was rewelded to say So Long and a chemical was poured on the new entry way that read "Fuck *name of school*"

Edit: there was much debate about whether this was seniors from out school or seniors from a rival school. New security cameras had been installed but they only sort of identified one of the seniors. The kid denied it as he was on the basketball team and had a lot to lose

COMMENT83:
When I was 13 one of the girls in our grade had phone sex with *the* popular guy. And basically she got way too into it and was talking about how she was fingering herself and sticking 4 fingers up there. He told everyone. In hindsight I feel so so so sorry for her, she was made fun of day in day out, people calling her fisty and saying she was loose etc etc. It’s all anyone could talk about for months. I hope it didn’t affect her too much :(

Then one day our weird old science teacher got a boner in class and that became the new *incident*

COMMENT84:
Some kids lit a battery of fireworks inside the hall beside the cafeteria in my high school (Norwegian equivalent). Most people realised it was fireworks, but there were some students who were refugees from war-torn countries who were genuinely terrified.

COMMENT85:
It was at a friend's highschool. 
\
Biology teacher showed signs of schizophrenia and wanted to go to the administration to request a weapon permit for a katana. He got denied, went back home to pick up his katana and proceeded to slash randomly around him, he got arrested but in the process fataly wounded a pregnant police officer.

COMMENT86:
a group of 16 yr olds drove for lunch, off grounds, hit and killed 2 other students walking off grounds for lunch.

COMMENT87:
Our 60 year old janitor was having an affair with a 17 year old girl in the year below me. 

The headline on the news article about it was "He took my virginity after a McDonald's Happy Meal"...

Last I heard they were engaged but nothing for the last few years.

COMMENT88:
A girl left her dead baby in thr trunk of her car for months. Took her car to the shop and the shop discovered the remains. She essentially ended up walking scot free on probation for like 7 years.

COMMENT89:
Lesbian english teacher had sex with an 11th grader. (English teacher was married to a man) They probably wouldn't have been caught if the 11th grader didn't brag about it to her friends. English teacher was fired and then (I've heard) her husband got a divorce. The 11th grader was suspended for some time until she transferred.

COMMENT90:
A girl was sleeping with our biology teacher who was married and had like 3 kids in college. He was by far the most respected teacher at the school.

She was 17 and he was nearly 50. There was some suspicion but nobody knew it was happening until he broke up with her in a long love letter about how bad he felt for falling in love with her while he had a wife...

Well she showed that letter to most the school, the guidance counselor, and the cops... He spent a year in jail, like 10 on probation, became a sex offender, wife left him, and kids disowned him.

COMMENT91:
Having Ian Huntley as our caretaker. Felt so surreal after he was prosecuted, as all us kids knew him.

COMMENT92:
Student catfishes a older student teacher on Grindr and the teacher sends dick pic. Goes around, people I knew told another teacher and we had to have a assembly about the situation. It was awkward

COMMENT93:
This happened when I was in high school so I hope it counts. The dad of the kid I went to school with was the school photographer and his mom was a first grade teacher. What happened was back in 2007 or 2008 his dad got arrested and was charged with a felony after being recorded multiple times having sex with a picnic table by using the umbrella hole. Reports said he would turn the table up on its side and go to town on the hole. It was the talk of the town for quite a bit of time and I even saw some international news stations had reports on it.

Definitely some Ohio shit right there 😂

COMMENT94:
There are two that I can never choose between. Students fell through the ceiling in the locker room once because they were up there having sex. The track girls were changing when BOOM naked bodies hit the floor. 
The other big one was our band director getting arrested for grooming and having sex with students. The principal and AP were both turning a blind eye to this and allowed him to take one of the students in a field trip alone…they shared a hotel room. She was 14.

COMMENT95:
Girl drunkenly fell asleep in a guy's parked car. Woke up in passenger seat and needed to take a shit. Couldn't figure out how to get out of the car? So ended up shitting in the car. And then ran off. Very good looking girl but couldn't bring her up without someone saying she shat in a car.

COMMENT96:
[removed]

COMMENT97:
There were many. People oding and dying. People  dying in drunk driving accidents. Small towns come with lots of drug and alcohol abuse unfortunately

COMMENT98:
A couple of kids set of some illegal fireworks in the school. No rockets or anything just some very loud explody ones.


One of the kids got expelled for it.
I knew the kid, he was one of the smartest kids in my elementary school. 
He was originally send away from his high level middle school towards my lower level middle school at the start of the year (Netherlands classifies their schools in educational level) because he was being a rotten little shit.
You'd think he'd wisen up after getting send to my school but apparently he just fell back into his dumbass ways.
Last I heard he never finished and works at a fast food joint.

COMMENT99:
Teacher wasn't just boning a student, but they were carrying on an exclusive relationship that was found out.
Teacher was fired, Student changed schools or became homeschooled. 
There wasn't a major uproar, which was strange. This was about '98 or '99. I believe her circle of friends encouraged it and they continued dating for a bit. She may have been 17 or 18 at the time, so they figured she's mature and wise enough to screw her 65 year old Teacher.
Pretty fucking weird

COMMENT100:
The deputy head left his pregnant wife and 4 children for a newly qualified maths teacher. I saw her a few years ago in a supermarket with her own herd of his children looking absolutely miserable

COMMENT101:
Because a virus infected our school system and kept the data of the school hostage for $300,000, my high school was recently featured in the press.

COMMENT102:
When we found out our librarian was a serial killer
https://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/nyc-crime/school-librarian-15-years-case-tied-cannibal-article-1.3786933

COMMENT103:
Young female history teacher having sex with several football players. Her husband was one of the football coaches.

COMMENT104:
two girls were apparently murdered by a bunch of guys,happened way before I got there

COMMENT105:
Nothing super exceptional. There wasn’t much crime or deviancy in our small rural town. The best one I can think of is when someone traced a massive cock and balls onto the frosted games field. Of course, walking on frosted grass can kill the grass so even after the frost melted there was a huge black dick etched onto the field. The teachers were the sort who had a conniption fit if you wore a headband that wasn’t black or white, so of course they were APPALLED and DISGUSTED by the whole thing.

Also, the guy and girl (dating) who had three kids before they graduated was pretty impressive.

COMMENT106:
Someone spray painted the concrete walls of our school gate that's facing a very busy road, after the school's "power couple" broke up. The spray paint is in red and it's mostly the power couple's name in heart shape with other words like "forever". Never found out who did it. The couple that broke up denied doing it and apparently also had good alibis.

COMMENT107:
I think I went to a pretty boring high school. The only incident I can think of was a bunch of students rocked ian ice cream truck after school until it tipped. It was one of those little comically small trucks, and of course the goal was to tip it

COMMENT108:
A kid that was shadowing at 3 different schools preformed an attack on all the bathrooms and smeared his shit all over the stalls including his own school.

COMMENT109:
My buddies dumped an entire bottle of concentrated elk urine into the air system...can't begin to explain how bad it smelled....and for weeks too

COMMENT110:
Not my high school, but the high school my sister goes to and my mum works at:

Last year this girl went into the toilets during lesson and set the toilet paper on fire inside the dispenser. It melted the whole dispenser and the cubicle walls and filled the whole school with plastic fumes. Now all students have to be supervised by a member of the school leadership team to go to the toilet

COMMENT111:
Four students were in a car late one Saturday night.  The driver was the "cool" kid in school and was drunk.  His Freshman friend, that followed him around like a puppy, was in the back seat.  They were going too fast and went off the road and down into a river gulch.  The kid in the back was tossed around and ended up sort of hanging out the winder.  That's when they side-swiped a tree trunk and decapitated his head clean off.  The survivors spent the rest of their time in high school in a weird catatonic state and suffered from PTSD.

COMMENT112:
I'll go in another direction. There were a few scandals but I'll share the one memory that will always stick with me. It was 9/11 and I was a sophomore in highschool in New Jersey. Many of us had family working in the towers as we all watched on the tvs. A terrible day.

What I'll never forget is the hilarious moment that happened in the middle of it all. The school is on lockdown and we're all scared. No one can leave the classrooms. I see our weight lifting coach, Coach Deppen, basically a caricature of a fat PC principal from Jersey, march by the classroom window, clearly on patrol, armed with a wooden baseball bat. Like he was going to beat the shit out of the terrorists, break there legs, and get them to pay up the money they owed us. A very Jersey moment. It lives in infamy.

COMMENT113:
My high school told a friend of mine (a lesbian student) she couldn’t bring her girlfriend to prom or wear a tuxedo. It made national news. She went on Ellen. Then the parents hosted a “private” prom for everyone except my friend and the special needs kids. The entire school went to this “private” prom under the impression that it was for all of us. It wasn’t exactly a secret, so none of us expected that mean spirited adults intentionally went out of their way to exclude her. This garnered even more national attention and I was in some of the photos posted across social media. People found several students online, myself included, and bombarded us with death threats and insults. 

It was a wild month.

COMMENT114:
Shit bandit. He would shit in lockers and teachers desks and leave the note "If my demands are not met, the Shit bandit will strike again", there were never any demands.

I knew exactly who it was, but I ain't snitching even after all these decades.

COMMENT115:
One kid shit in our school swimming pool in the middle of PE during our swim unit. We were freshmen.

I don't think he ever recovered. It was rumored his family had to pay a huge fine. That's the one thing we remembered him for. I'm pretty sure he didn't end up staying all 4 years.

COMMENT116:
Mid 1980s, Plano Tx, we had someone caught with weed. The response, monthly drug dog searches of our lockers that didn’t find anything. 

The school had weird priorities, we had a college-sized football stadium and the high school games were televised but had kids that graduated not reading above the 5th grade level.

COMMENT117:
Freshman year someone in my cousin's chemistry class table didn't use the right amount of substance and sent a fireball into the ceiling that somehow didn't set the school on fire, just set alarms off.

A guy I know got sucked off by another guy in one of the bathrooms my senior year. My brother told my this after his close friend witnessed it in the bathroom. Story is corroborated  by how the guy I know suddenly showed up less, was called silently away to (what I assume is) in school suspension, and acted completely unlike himself.

From my parents:
In the late 90s a group of students put the deans car on the roof of the school piece by piece.

COMMENT118:
my HS wanted to be inclusive, made gender neutral bathrooms, obviously people started fucking in the bathrooms.

COMMENT119:
Nothing at my high school, HOWEVER. First night moving into the dorms as a college freshman a guy went out on the window ledge of his room to smoke a cigarette. He had been drinking and fell, but no one saw him fall. So when kids saw his body on the ground outside they thought he had passed out and drew penises on his face with markers. After some time people realized he hadn’t simply passed out. Paramedics arrived and he was pronounced dead. The university put screens over all windows.

COMMENT120:
People counterfeiting over 20k in 20 dollar bills. The FBI showed up at school and picked up the kids in question. How did they get caught you ask? Well they were dumb enough to print it on printer paper and try to pass them at school

COMMENT121:
Soccer team was found to be soliciting and receiving oral sex from new members of the team in the middle of the night in the practice field. Obviously this is like a hazing thing, but someone video taped it and everyone had seen it or heard of it the next day. I think a kid got expelled and several more were suspended.

COMMENT122:
Our high school was located pretty close to a nearby shopping centre which everyone naturally congregated at after school. Being the lazy teenagers that we were we never wanted to walk the long way around following the streets and instead pretty much everyone took a shortcut through a bushland park that cut through behind houses and easily cut the walk in half. Anyone walking to school from that direction in the mornings would take the same shortcut.

Now this was a public path that cut through thick bushland (there was a paved walking track, and a 2nd 'off the beaten path' track which went through even thicker bush), so aside from some of the houses that backed onto the park it was a pretty private spot with lots of places to hide. One day at the morning assembly we got a warning about some creepy old guy who had been approaching students alone in the park and were sternly warned not to go down that path even though it was a shortcut, or at the very least don't walk it alone.

Ofcourse, this didn't stop anyone. 

As far as I know nothing further than the guy approaching and trying to talk to students ever happened, but this became a semi-regular occurrence which we were subsequently warned about for the next 3-4 years. Nobody ever did anything about it more than that and he was never identified.

Around the same time our school also started getting reported for 'a student's bad behaviour in public' including a student spitting on an old lady and generally being a public nuisance. It turned out that this was not done by a student, but by some 40-something year old dude wearing our schools uniform. No one knows why he was dressing up as one of our students and he was never caught. I wonder if these two incidents were the same guy?

COMMENT123:
This was middleschool. At lunch a kid took 1 too many fishsticks than was allowed. A serie of events resulted in cops being called to the school. It did the rounds in the papers, became a huge meme and now basically everyone in Finland knows about it. This was like 15 years ago. Never forget kalapuikkokoulu.

COMMENT124:
The vice principal in charge of attendance told a BMOC on the football team that he couldn't play because he had missed too many days or been late too many times. He did not care for that. So he got two other football players with him, twin sons of one of the teachers, they all did a lot of coke, and fire bombed the vice principal's office. Or tried to? I think they actually made a Molotov but made it wrong, so it didn't actually break and burn, it was more like a candle. But they did break the window to get into the office which triggered an alarm. Cop showed up and arrested all three. The BMOC ended up kicking out the back window of the squad car, getting into the driver's seat where the cop had left the keys in the ignition. He drove off and at the first intersection outside the school t-boned another cop car that was arriving, breaking that cop's leg.

BMOC went to prison, twin sons were expelled, teacher quit.

COMMENT125:
I went to two separate high schools, one for my freshman year, the other for the remainder of high school. While the first high school’s incident is more light hearted and funny, the second one is more in line with previous answers to this question. The first one goes like this. For an event the school hosted, I believe it was a talent show, one student told a joke, but had technical difficulties. He apologized saying “Sorry, this is very hard”. Out of nowhere, the principal yells out, “THAT’S WHAT SHE SAID!” And everyone there erupted in laughter. The principal was very reserved and closed off, so no one expected that joke from him. Now, on to the second one. I could say the usual “student having intercourse with teacher” or “teacher is a predator” story, but no. The most memorable incident was when this brother and sister duo, who hardly did any work at all, were passing due to bribing their teachers. They were eventually caught and suspended, the teachers fired, but I still can’t believe it happened.

COMMENT126:
2002 my sophomore year, a guy killed his girlfriend and then himself in the bathroom near the cafeteria. We all heard the shots. Everyone was evacuated in chaos. I’ll never forget the fear in the teachers’ faces.

COMMENT127:
[removed]

COMMENT128:
Rivalry with another local school came to a head one Novemeber when they somehow got their hands on fireworks and set them off in our school car park and on the football pitch- it had been a very dry autumn so the pitch caught fire and one of the teachers cars was hit by a rocket.  Lots of police involved and both schools had lengthy assemblies about it. Absolutely hilarious for those of us who saw it happen, though looking back it is seriously lucky noone was hurt.

COMMENT129:
A group of 3-4 kids brought marijuana brownies and gave them to the ultra conservative health teacher.

COMMENT130:
The band teacher was banging multiple underage girls in the band room. Every single door at our school had to have a little window installed on them (it’s a huge high school) 
Another teacher was found to have kiddie porn and went on the run and then killed himself. Pretty crazy to look back on

COMMENT131:
There were some guys from a Catholic Christian boarding school studying to be priests who attended regular classes in my high school but then had other lessons and activities and slept on the boarding school.  


One day it was fire alarm simulation day, after it rang school became like a fair with activities and stuff, and part of the activities was this karete simulations hosted by the priest dudes. They do some safe moves among themselves and ask if anyone in the audience would like to attempt.  


Well, there was this beefy dude that said yes. People were cheering and he entered the arena  and started actually hitting the karate priest. Fists, kicks, real fighting. Once the priest found it was for real he went into hardcore mode and beat the shit out of the beefy dude.  


After school, the beefy dude calls his friends to beat the priest and he has no chance against 5, but the next day there's a full van of karate priests who beat the shit out of the beefy dude and his friends. Like, they got their asses kicked real hard despite being a fair 5vs5 or something like that.  


Nobody ever again messed with the karate priests.

