COMMENT1:
I just hate that the separation between church and state in the us is such a blurry line tbh

COMMENT2:
It's not that I disagree with them, but I consider religions to be businesses.

COMMENT3:
No one in a cult believes they are in a cult. It's a pejorative term.

That being said, to me, the difference lies in how a religion relates to society outside of itself. Is it closed off or integrated? So I'd say that Christianity isn't a cult for the most part but some denominations certainly are.

COMMENT4:
As an ex Jehovah’s Witness: I disagree

What makes a cult is what happens when one leaves. Their teachings made less and less sense; I had a crisis of conscience and tried to get my wife out.

She chose the cult.

She’s now my ex-wife, as my lack of faith basically broke us up.

My mom died last November, and who got a bouquet of flowers and all the condolences? SHE DID. I lost my devout JW mom in 2018.

Lost my wife, mom, job, and home in a six month span in 2018-19.

If I were, say, a Catholic and my faith lapsed: nobody would care. 

They’re a legit religion; my mom got suckered into JW from Catholicism when I was 4. I never stood a chance.

TL, DR: the difference between a cult and a religion is what happens when you try to leave

COMMENT5:
I think it's too reductive. I think most religious communities have the potential to develop cults like tumors essentially, but that doesn't make the religion inherently a cult on its own. 


The BITE model is a good guide I think. 


This is assuming we're using the modern definition of cult too.

COMMENT6:
I think it depends.
Any religion could potentially become a cult. I belonged to a church that had cultish vibes as a child. 
However I can honestly say that the church I attend now is anything but that. 
  If you think of religion like the Duggars follow… absolutely. A cult. But that’s not true of every church, synagogue, or mosque across the world.

COMMENT7:
Every group or ideology has their extremists. If people gather around something they like, there will be those who use the opportunity to manipulate others and the gullible folk who follow them.. If it wasnt the promise of heaven it would be something else, like money, fame or political changes.

COMMENT8:
All generalisations are wrong.

COMMENT9:
It's  lazy thinking. Cults have certain characteristics like isolation of their members and an us versus them mentality. Some religions like the Unitarians are open to all beliefs,  are about building community with everyone and are very far from being a cult. Whereas most everyone would agree the branch Davidians were a cult.

COMMENT10:
I don't know about other religions but certain Christian denominations are cults. Especially the ones where the lines are blurry and you have to wonder if they really are Christian.

COMMENT11:
I think the same of them that I think of most people who generalize people/races/organizations saying “all X are Y.”

COMMENT12:
The only people who believe this are those lucky enough never to have been in a cult.

The “church” I grew up in, the leaders have a say in who you date or marry. All non-church activities or socializing are only for the purpose of proselytizing. If you’re a college student and your parents don’t agree with this “church,” the leaders tell you not to go home at summer or holidays and call your family persecutors to reduced their influence over you. If you have a job offer where the schedule conflicts with “church” meetings, you are told not to take it. If you do take it, you will be shunned or even completely disfellowshipped.

The local Presbyterian or Lutheran church doesn’t do these things, despite sharing many common beliefs. 

So no, all religions are not cults. Cults are controlling elitist groups that seek to replace all of one’s personal relationships with the institution. They cause financial, emotional, and sometimes physical harm.

COMMENT13:
If the first rule of the religion is "Believe our stuff without question" than that is the first step toward a cult.

COMMENT14:
They’re not wrong.

COMMENT15:
It negates the harm inflicted by actual cults. Religions can be harmful in their own ways, but cults are worse.

COMMENT16:
Every modern day religion is about 1000 years from being the next Greek mythology.

COMMENT17:
I think less of people who make statements like this.  Anybody who deals in absolutes is incapable of intellectual thinking.

COMMENT18:
all religions are not cults, cults are indeed born from religions but they are not the religion themselves

A cult is a group or movement held together by a shared commitment to a charismatic leader or ideology. It has a belief system that has the answers to all of life's questions and offers a special solution to be gained only by following the leader's rules.

edit: obviuoisly people are misunderstanding what i said i wrote this in a reply because im too tired and bust right now but, that is true and i agree with you but personally i think where the line   
is drawn is cults actively hurt the members and dont let them leave if   
they do they say cant see their family, religeon (as far as i know   
please correct me if im wrong) however from my experience dont hurt   
their own membors kill them have malusious intent and people can leave   
freely without consequence

COMMENT19:
You just asked reddit this fr? You already knew the answer was to repeat the atheist playbook

COMMENT20:
Not _all_ religions.

But any religion that relies on "absolute faith" to a "handed-down doctrine", and worse, actively discourages or restricts contact between "believers and heretics" (or practices shunning) - that's a cult.

COMMENT21:
They don't know the difference between a cult and religion.  If you are getting disowned for believing in something different then I believe that's a cult.  If you can not leave the religion (kind of like scientology) then that's a cult.  When it comes to something like catholicism I don't consider that a cult because they don't force people to do stuff like go on a mission trips like Mormons.  They don't even make you eat fish on Fridays anymore.

COMMENT22:
"A cult is a religion with no political power" - Tom Wolfe

COMMENT23:
All religions are cults.

All gamers are children.

All Americans are fat.

All white people are racist.

All of these beliefs are ignorant and only weaken their respective definitions.

One of the above statements is true.

COMMENT24:
Using the word in that way makes it lose all usefulness.

COMMENT25:
I don't disagree with that statement.

COMMENT26:
I think they're dicks, the same way I think people who force their religion on others and who look on people of other faiths (or without faith) with contempt are dicks. You don't have to share someone's beliefs, but you also don't have to be cruel and condescending.

COMMENT27:
I think it shows one’s ignorance. You can’t say “all” or “none” when speaking of something that you know nothing about

COMMENT28:
I understand why some people can say that. I don’t agree entirely, but I get it. There’s probably cult like groups for pretty much any religion.

There is definitely a lot of good that gets done in the name of some religion. And that I’m definitely ok with. Many people find their sense of community in religion. They find their heard. And that’s fine too. Having a feeling of belonging is great. 

There’s another group of people that go through the motions of a religion but don’t necessarily believe in all the smoke and mirrors. For those people, religion fills the role of being able to turn off all the bullshit and look at the bigger picture.

COMMENT29:
I have a really good impression of myself

COMMENT30:
That they have a point?

COMMENT31:
I have a lack for respect for anyone who says "ALL _____ are ______"

That is the *definition* of prejudice. 

"A preconceived opinion that is not based on reason or actual experience."

All cops are bastards. All religions are cults. All minorities are criminals. All Chinese people are great at math.

 See how fucking stupid those all are? 

Focusing on the bad examples that make the spotlight and then saying everything related to that thing are in the same boat is so small minded. That mindset is honestly one of the contributing factors as to why society is where it is...

COMMENT32:
Nobody could believe on their own what the strength of numbers allows religions to get away with believing.

COMMENT33:
I think they're ignorant. They don't know the difference. Cults are, by definition, restrictive and controlling of their members. Look up the B.I.T.E. model for a good way to learn the difference between a religion and a cult.

COMMENT34:
Either very pretentious and ironically ignorant people with fedoras stuck to their balding, sweaty heads, or actually way to traumatized by events by actual terrible people using belief as an excuse to whatever is their predicament at the moment, to the point they abhor not only the people responsable but the dogma itself too.

Kindda like start associating PCs with office work, so you start losing interest in playing games on your own PC after work, yet might still hold interest in doing something else to entertain yourself after work, but cranked to 11 with (more) possible traumatic experiences.

The first kind hears about the case of the second kind, and start to belive (ha) the isolated case may be the general rule instead of an exception. That first kind of people will unquestionably belive that every religion, dogma or belief are made only of batshit insane, corrupt and terrible people while pretty much every other church, temple or gathering will look down disgust and horror at such kind of activities.

COMMENT35:
I think “those people are really inarticulate.”

COMMENT36:
It’s okay, I was in junior high once, too

COMMENT37:
They’re correct

COMMENT38:
My kinda people

COMMENT39:
I think people who say anything about “all religions” know very little about ANY religion.

COMMENT40:
They're idiots. "Religion" is a blanket term, and the different streams of it vary wildly. If you aren't intelligent enough to recognize that and give proper nuance to the discussion, then you shouldn't be criticizing religion. So many anti-religion atheists only know about some specific stream of Christianity, and they apply their criticisms of that to literally everything.

COMMENT41:
The only difference between a cult, and an organised religion: size.

COMMENT42:
that they don't know what a cult really is and have probably only been exposed to certain kinds of religion and think all religions are like that.

I can't speak for all religions (catholic-raised atheist) but I think there are some kinds of religion that are close to a cult. some religions I'm sure *are* cults. but that level of a blanket statement is crazy. like there are so many religions how can you make that kind of statement?

if all religions are cults then so are all organised groups of people who share interests..... (everything after this added after edit) but they're not, because most organised groups of people don't shun those outside the group and demand total ideological conformity. some do. but most don't. religions are the same kind of thing.

a religious group can be bad and dangerous without being a cult. like the catholic church isn't a cult but they've protected and hidden child sex abusers. that's still bad even though a cult didn't do it!

COMMENT43:
That they have experienced organized religion and have the scars to prove it.

COMMENT44:
The main difference between a religion and a cult seems to be popularity.

COMMENT45:
Are they not?

COMMENT46:
Join us. meeting at 7pm at the park. There will be punch and pie.

COMMENT47:
They're right. All religions ARE cults. Most of them, in their beginnings, were not only recognized as cults but were, usually, opposed by the existing mainstream cults.

COMMENT48:
That is correct, yes.

COMMENT49:
Doesn't do research.

COMMENT50:
I think they're smug individuals who believe themselves to be enlightened and above others for their beliefs. Some of these individuals go so far to put down religion and its followers that they've basically formed their own cult. 

This person is the average Redditor.

COMMENT51:
I think their grammar is poor but they’re correct.

COMMENT52:
They’re right.

COMMENT53:
[deleted]

COMMENT54:
They simply don't know what a cult us, or the difference between differnt religions. In other words, they are ignorant and silly.

COMMENT55:
They aren't wrong. I hate that there's no escape from religious people. Gawdamn churches everywhere, and still it's not enough.. they come to your home and ..knock, knock.They're repulsive and annoying, condescending hypocrites and bigots.

COMMENT56:
they're right.

COMMENT57:
A religion by definition is literally just a cult that gained mainstream acceptance and popularity. Every single recognized religion today is more or less “a little cult that could”

COMMENT58:
Hard agree.

COMMENT59:
they’re not wrong. and sociologists call cults new religious movements (NRM) now for that very reason.

COMMENT60:
I think they don’t know the definition of “religion”.

COMMENT61:
I would tend to agree

COMMENT62:
I have the luxury of having a lot of family members that are actually GOOD Christians that live their good Christian values everyday, not just on Sundays, and are just all around really good people with really big hearts. It was a big part of my upbringing and has molded me into who I am today. I am not religious, but respectful of religion and religious people (except the really hateful ones or the fanatical types who use religion to get their way and push agendas onto people).

The primary definition for “Cult” is a system of religious veneration and devotion directed toward a particular figure or object. Which, in my understanding and view, encompasses most, if not all, religions. Of course, there are varying definitions of the word “Cult”, but I think that’s due to how we commonly hear about cults. Manson Family, The Peoples Temple (Jonestown), Heaven’s Gate, NXIVM, The Branch Dividians, etc. These are all cults that we know about because they were involved in or did really horrible things. Hence, the common association with cults as being bad. But even Christianity has religious sects that are very closely associated with “bad” cults (Westboro Baptist), evangelicals. 

However, there are good cults out there that are typically regarded as religions, like Mormonism and Jehovah’s Witnesses. And, there’s arguments here and they’re kinda walking that line if good/bad, but Scientology. 

My point is, referring to a religion as a cult, needs to stop being viewed as a bad thing. That’s literally what it is. The big religions out there just kinda disassociated from the word “cult” over time.

COMMENT63:
I think they're grasping for low hanging fruit.

Cults are not the same as religions, and if the best you can do to criticize religion is to conflate two different things, then maybe you should sit this one out.

COMMENT64:
I mean religions are just cults that made it to the mainstream and survived the loss of their original leader.

COMMENT65:
They’re smart

COMMENT66:
As one of them: by definition, all religions are cults.

COMMENT67:
There are clearly defined ways to tell if a religious group is a cult so to say all religions are cults is factually incorrect

COMMENT68:
They’re probably the same people who think all Muslims are terrorist or all southerners are racist

COMMENT69:
i think they are right

COMMENT70:
They’re smart.

COMMENT71:
I agree with them

COMMENT72:
Religion is a cult period. I know religious folks hate that but unless ur practice ur religion all on ur own, it’s a cult that’s why I hated church growing up and left it at age 18. Best decision ever

COMMENT73:
They’re correct. A cult is a a system of religious veneration and devotion directed toward a particular figure or object, so regardless if you’re worshiping god or the devil you’re part of a cult

COMMENT74:
I agree completely.

COMMENT75:
I'd say they don't understand what a cult is. 

Some religions are cults, many are not.

"Absolutism" is rarely correct, life's not that simple.

COMMENT76:
I would say they are right. Religion was invented because people needed some way to explain things beyond them. It turned out to be really profitable and it is the easiest way to manipulate people. The intent of most religions is control and money.

COMMENT77:
All religions are SUCCESSFUL cults.

COMMENT78:
I don’t think it’s an incorrect assessment, but it’s a bit myopic towards the nature of religion and how it benefits the individual. I’m not religious in any capacity. Some people need that belief in order to face the day, and I’m not saying that in a diminishing capacity. Despite what a lot of people on Reddit think, I don’t think being atheist is better or greater than being theistic, it’s just a different system of belief. Sometimes I wish I could put myself in the cradle of a creator, but that’s just not my reality. Obviously this is a specific and pointed idea of the benefits to religion. There is often violence, predation and conflict within these realms… but on the personal level, a lot of people proper within the ideologies of monotheism and polytheism. So yeah, it can be a cult, but it’s not always a cult. Abrahamic religions, for example, are so broadly widespread that a lot of their followers pray and believe in a private capacity, and that is a great way to do it in my opinion.

COMMENT79:
Personally I find it to be potentially a really nice demonstration of dismissive arrogance. I imagine the situation may vary; some may have a genuine reason to say such a thing, especially if it stems from especially nasty cases of religion manifesting in tyrannical fashion against thought or authentic experiential reality, but if it’s said in simple derision without any genuine thinking, then it’s just dismissive arrogant bosh. The concept of religion is sufficiently complex as to have a lot more to it than just the potentially tyrannical manifestation, and to regard it as a cult in such reductionistic fashion is rather galling to me.

COMMENT80:
correct

COMMENT81:
Truth.

COMMENT82:
I look into the mirror and tell that asshole, "you're completely right"

COMMENT83:
They are wrong. Religions are popular cults

COMMENT84:
They're right

COMMENT85:
I am one of those people

COMMENT86:
That they’re not wrong.

COMMENT87:
I agree.

COMMENT88:
a lot people who say this only refer to christianity. imo people who say this are antitheist, which goes into antisemetic and islamophobic territory

COMMENT89:
I believe that anyone who believes in any of them is mentally disordered in some way. They deserve compassion for it like anyone with a mental ailment, but it should be kept in check and not allowed to affect others. Or hurt other people or take away their freedoms.

COMMENT90:
We can debate the definition of "cult" all day, but I'm inclined to agree with them.  Religious belief almost always begins with the indoctrination of children, carries with it numerous rules and rituals, promotes a sense of "our group is the best group" and sometimes requires the payment of money or pressures members to do things they might not want to do.  That's close enough to my image of a cult that I accept the word as a definition for most if not all religions.

COMMENT91:
They're correct

COMMENT92:
I think they've only had exposure to Christianity and Islam and do not understand that other religions aren't all Like That. Judaism for example actively *engourages* debate about the religion and interpretations of the Torah, instead of saying "shut up and obey."

COMMENT93:
They're right.

COMMENT94:
I think they're right

COMMENT95:
Yes and water is wet

COMMENT96:
Most are, by definition, a cult.

Cult: *noun*; a system of religious veneration and devotion directed toward a particular figure or object.

COMMENT97:
I think “wow this guy gets it”

COMMENT98:
They are right.

COMMENT99:
I think it's right.  And you OP?   
BTW

Why is r/askreddit a whoring karma sub?

COMMENT100:
Quite highly

COMMENT101:
I agree with those people.

COMMENT102:
The only difference between a religion and a cult is the number of members.

COMMENT103:
In my experience most people giving out such labels either have a very incorrect understanding of the various religions or were unfortunate enough to be abused by an individual in power.

COMMENT104:
Oh goodness no, all ORGANIZED religions are cults. I can make up a religion at any point, but it isn't a cult until I start telling other people it is truth without proof.

COMMENT105:
An oversimplification, but not too far from the truth.

COMMENT106:
Religions are just cults with good PR

COMMENT107:
They are correct.

COMMENT108:
It may have some truth to it, but there's no need to be a dick to others

COMMENT109:
I think they're wrong and it would be more accurate to say "most religions are cults".

COMMENT110:
I agree with them. I have only had maybe two healthy interactions with very religious people in my entire life.

COMMENT111:
I think they're pretty smart.

COMMENT112:
I think they are well informed.

Religion is just a way to control people.  Ofte3n through shame and fear.

COMMENT113:

cult
/kəlt/
noun
a system of religious veneration and devotion directed toward a particular figure or object.

COMMENT114:
I think they're being intellectually lazy. I wouldn't want to say anything stronger than that since I love some people who say that, but no one's perfect. I can't think of an organized religion I'd want to join, but there are meaningful differences between the Catholic church, the Quakers, and Jonestown. Lumping them all together into one indistinguishable "bad stuff" label hides more than it reveals.

COMMENT115:
I think they’re right

COMMENT116:
They all incorrectly generalize Christianity as "all religions" for the most part. If you asked any of these people to try to explain how Jainism, all Indigenous tribal religions, Reform Judaism, Buddhism, Sikhism, etc are cults, they'd have a hard time explaining. Because in their minds, religion = Christianity. "All religions are cults" is a dumb slogan.

COMMENT117:
The only difference between a cult and a religion is whether or not the original "prophet" is still alive.

Once they die and people continue to worship the prophet, a cult becomes a religion.

It's extremely similar to companies transitioning into corporations.

COMMENT118:
The only difference between a religion and a cult is time.

COMMENT119:
Well, they're perceptive.

COMMENT120:
They do that for what purpose? To be edgy, to differentiate themselves from religious people, What? Nobody cares if you’re not religious or if you are or whatever. Same goes for politics and any number of things. There’s a broader issue beyond the specific question or point that this falls under.

COMMENT121:
I don't know about all of them, but there are some that straddle that line.

COMMENT122:
Apart from the bad grammar, I would agree with said person.

COMMENT123:
I would say they are pretty spot on.

COMMENT124:
They aren’t lying r/technicallythetruth

COMMENT125:
They're right.

COMMENT126:
They're spot on.

COMMENT127:
That they’re not wrong

COMMENT128:
Not really wrong

COMMENT129:
i think that this can be easily brought to a conclusion, the definition of a cult is

a system of religious veneration and devotion directed towards a particular figure or object.

COMMENT130:
They’re correct.

COMMENT131:
I think they are fairly naive. There’s lots to criticize about religion, but this is pretty lazy.

COMMENT132:
They're wrong. All religion can be USED as cults, there's a big difference. Different churches are led by different people with different approaches.

COMMENT133:
Honestly, I find anti-theists just as obnoxious as hyper-christians. They both give off the "I'm better than you because I know better" vibe.

COMMENT134:
They’re more or less right, although I’d adjust it to “most religions are cultlike”. Some aren’t, so you can’t say all. 

But demanding blind faithful support, the promise of having metaphysical answers no human being is equipped to provide, us vs. them mentality towards nonbelievers, apostates, and other religions, worship of charismatic leaders, group-serving morality, encouragement to associate with members only, social consequences for leaving, and encouragement to financially support either the group itself or a clergy class of elites… these are very common in religions and also culty as fuck.

COMMENT135:
They're only focusing on the negative aspects of religion. Most religious people I've known are usually very nice and would never think less of you for believing in a different god or no god at all. There is a very fine line between a religion and a cult, and they either don't know it or are ignoring it for the sake of having something to hate.

COMMENT136:
That they are on to something.

COMMENT137:
They are correct.

COMMENT138:
I think they’re right

COMMENT139:
I tell them most things are cults lol! Just look at the iPhone vs Android. Look at PC master race VS console. There are many more examples. I think when we buy into any system en-masse and are willing to argue its "superiority" it's probably bordering cultist mentality. Having an open mind and taking everything for its good and bad is the way! :D

COMMENT140:
They're not wrong.

I'm Catholic. I understand that better than most.

COMMENT141:
both words are interchangeable, If someone can tell me a difference I would be impressed

COMMENT142:
i think that too so . me and that person are on the same page

COMMENT143:
- You must donate so we can afford to help people.

- For the good of humanity, our cause must succeed.

- We believe in things no reasonable person could possibly believe in & they justify their belief with “faith”.

- If you don’t believe their bs, you’ll be destined to an eternity of torture.

- Everyone who says anything that opposes their beliefs is a heathen & destined to an eternity of torture.

- They all share the same holidays but somehow, their religion is unique & the dates used are all actually accurate, even considering religions that predate them.

What am I referring to? 

Zoroastrianism?

Paganism?

Christianity?

Judaism?

??? 

Get offended, cult members.

COMMENT144:
I am one of them, sorry.

COMMENT145:
I think they might be on to something..

COMMENT146:
Congratulations for understanding what every elementary school kid could understand if there was no indoctrination.

COMMENT147:
“You want to know the difference between a cult and a religion? A cult is bullshit that’s created by one person, and that person knows it’s bullshit. In a religion, that dude is dead.” - Joe Rogan

COMMENT148:
I say "Sort of. All religions STARTED as cults."

COMMENT149:
They are wrong. People here love to make broad sweeping sentiments against religion, but they do not understand cult (high control groups) life. Religion tends to borrow from the high control group playbook, but there's nothing like an actual "cult".

COMMENT150:
A cult is a group that controls the thoughts of its followers to (often) dangerous outcomes. It’s hard to find a religion that doesn’t try to control the way it’s followers think, and most (apart from maybe Jainism or Buddhism) have committed some horrible atrocities. So, yeah- if the shoe fits.

COMMENT151:
I think those people engage in critical thinking and reasoning

COMMENT152:
They’re not wrong.

COMMENT153:
"What do you think of people who say 2 + 2 = 4 ??"

COMMENT154:
The only difference is the number of believers

COMMENT155:
They right

COMMENT156:
They are correct?

COMMENT157:
What's the difference between a cult and a religion? 

>!Around 100 years!<

COMMENT158:
That those people are absolutely correct.

COMMENT159:
A religion is a cult. It is a group of people who say they are going to believe x and that will then permeate into how we should think and act and use resources. That is a culture. A cult is not a good or bad thing. It describes what I mentioned. Now one can ascribe entirely negative connotations to the word cult, as in the Catholic church is not a cult because it’s so mainstream and so widely accepted. But the Catholic Church is a cult. It is asking for a culture apart from secular operations of how people aggregately do business and interact.

Another reason why is religion is asking for adherence to doctrine that is usually invented; that when investigated, show no evidence of it’s claims except for attribution and description, which, when divergent from widespread social norms, or unnecessary, is a parallel culture. There’s not a lot of reason to worship an entity where all is known because they’d be dead and found lacking. One has to invent supernatural entities that transcend and have mystery.

COMMENT160:
I think they know what they are talking about.

All religions ARE cults. *Duh!*

COMMENT161:
I'm one of them so...yea, I rock.

COMMENT162:
Religion is a cult when it indoctrinates children.

COMMENT163:
Until we find a true religion they’d be right

COMMENT164:
In every cult there is a guy at the top who knows it’s all bullshit. In a religion, that guy is dead.

COMMENT165:
I mean, I feel like it’s an obvious exaggeration, and it disappoints me that we’re still looking for shit that divides us. This binary, “shits good or shits bad” mentality is (mostly) detrimental to cohesion in our society.

There have been countless terrible deeds done in the name of faith, and countless good ones. I don’t know enough history to tell you which side got the short end of the stick (and I don’t think anyone really has that tally, except maybe the big guy/gal/being/flying spaghetti monster, if you believe in ‘em).

What I do know is, power corrupts people. And it’s obvious that religion isn’t exempt from that. So, I don’t think all religions are cults - I think in a lot of cases, how much of a cult a faithful person is in depends on who is preaching at their local church  vs what religion they classify themselves in.

So, are they cults? I think it’s easy to say yes when you see Joel Osteens private jet, or people refusing vaccines because they’re protected by the blood of Christ. But for my dollar, I’m down with churches that promote loving other people (regardless of how they’re different), helping the less fortunate, contributing to their community, and ultimately, just trying to be good people. If those are cults, they’re cults I can get behind.

I don’t even care if they get culty about it - spread the news, push the agenda of not being an asshole. We should be so lucky. But fuck off with the hating gays, the no abortions, the no sex before marriage - c’mon, get your head out of your ass, and get your fucking priorities straight.

COMMENT166:
They're 100% right. All religions are cults.

COMMENT167:
They’re right

COMMENT168:
They are correct.

And this conversation is going to be insufferable.

COMMENT169:
That they’re correct…….?

COMMENT170:
Correct

COMMENT171:
I think they're downplaying it

COMMENT172:
I think they're wrong

COMMENT173:
I get where they are coming from, but I don't think using the same language for a more culty cult and a major religion helps.

COMMENT174:
I think they have been wounded or set off from religious fundamentalists in some way. I also think there is a difference in the Religions and the level of cultiness. Or they've done acid or shrooms and think they understand the universe. 

I believe in Jesus and the Bible as the word of God. However; my relationship with Jesus is very independent of church or any religious ideals. I listen to the Holy Spirit, God knows me and I seek to know Him. I don't do certain rituals etc.

COMMENT175:
Theyre correct.

COMMENT176:
Most *organized* religious are

COMMENT177:
Cult is a spectrum, and religions are on it.

COMMENT178:
Obviously not. Religions are cults plus political clout.

COMMENT179:
They might be onto something……. Lol

