Comment1:
All these shitty prank videos on people in public.

The public tik tok dancing.

I can't handle the second hand embarrassment when someone is dancing in aisle 5.

Comment2:
I really hate the TikTok voice

Comment3:
[deleted]

Comment4:
The unending need to share everything on social media including their meals, their children, their partners everything.

Comment5:
The amount of online content so many people create. It's fucking work! How do they have time for this?

Comment6:
Filming every little thing. Like why are they filming them doing basic stuff like grocery shopping?

Comment7:
I dont understand certain genres of tiktok/YouTube videos. Who is entertained by those videos where it's a robot voice reading out reddit comments while subway surfer is being played on screen? Who is the audience for those videos where some dude with an awful haircut asks people risqué questions either on a college campus or at the beach?

Comment8:
Doesn't matter, they'll be pretending to hate the things they used to love in a couple years anyway just like we did.

Comment9:
Filming themselves crying.

Comment10:
putting random cooking or “satisfying” videos next to the main video on tiktok. i don’t know if it started as a trick to keep people’s attention, but as someone with diagnosed and lifelong ADD, they’re only distracting and take away from what the main video is. it drives me up the wall and no matter how many times i press “not interested” i still get videos like that on my fyp. i hope this trend dies out sometime soon

Comment11:
Recording videos of themselves dancing in the middle of a Home Depot.

Comment12:
“Prank” videos

Comment13:
Prime - the drink. Simply don’t understand the hype. 
Snapchat and streaks.

Comment14:
Cosmetic stuff in video games, some of it is kind of cool but I don’t understand the amount of value people put on it.

Edit: Just a clarification I’m not for or against cosmetics earned or paid for. I was just surprised when I learned how serious it is to some people.

Comment15:
ASMR mouthsounds.

Comment16:
The drink Prime. I think it’s disgusting, I’ll take a Gatorade over any flavor of that stuff. My son and his friends love it though.

Comment17:
As a teacher, I get enormously annoyed by the idea that it seems cool to be stupid for a significant amount of teens. Like being actually proud of lacking or pretending to lack basic knowledge or primary skills. Over the last 2 weeks I had a 14 y old pretending not to know who the figure of Christ was, a kid claiming not to know how to use a ruler and one who claimed to never have used scissors…

Comment18:
Those dumb looking broccoli/ramen haircuts all the fuck boys are wearing now.

And the ironic pedo staches and mullets. It's a weird time to be a young guy, this shit won't age well lol.

Comment19:
Declaring everything is a result of a mental illness. Sometimes people are just assholes.

Comment20:
I don't understand the search for friendships, validation and approval via sharing themselves online. There's something so paper thin about it.

I understand the irony of replying with this on a social networking site like Reddit.

Comment21:
Social media celebrities

Comment22:
Filming everything they do and putting it online.  I prefer to be mostly anonymous

Comment23:
Vaping and TikTok.

Comment24:
film random strangers without consent to make fun of them online all for internet 'clout'

Comment25:
Talking loudly with your phone on speaker while in public. Older people do it, too. 

WTF is *that* all about?

Comment26:
ASMR mouthsounds

Comment27:
Fucking squash mallows. I thought they at least did something. They're like $25 a piece! IT'S JUST A PILLOW.

that being said i was a product of the beanie baby generation so what the fuck do i know

Comment28:
Listening to the music on mobile speaker while walking around the street or travelling via public transportation

Comment29:
The Andrew tate style of misogynistic alpha male bullshit that so many young men seem to buy into. I guess I kind of get how they're susceptible to that sort of stuff, but the ideology doesn't really make much sense.  

I think most of the rest of the stuff like tik tok, hairstyles, and clothing is just a "kids these days" kind of thing where people aren't open minded enough to realize the stuff they were into as kids was seem as being just as stupid by the older generation. Because really, it boils down to it just being different and new.

Comment30:
I don’t know if it’s the misanthrope speaking or the aging millennial or what but I can’t fucking STAND the “look at how good of a person I am” type shit. It’s not so much the videos. It’s people writing these lengthy ass stories including things that were “said” quotes and everything about how they helped a woman at a gas station because three OTHER dudes were harassing her (that’s just the most recent one I saw earlier today). And it’s like…cool man, none of that probably happened…BUT if it actually did, why do you feel the need to write a lengthy post and then admonish people not doing the same?

Personally, if I saw a woman going through something like that, I’d probably silently try to make sure she’s okay if that doesn’t work, then I’d step in. I’d probably get my ass beat if it were actually a dangerous situation. And also, I’d be afraid the woman would think I’m just joining in with the other dudes and freak her the fuck out even more. But regardless, I sure as fuck wouldn’t feel the need to announce it. HEY LOOK HOW GREAT I AM! DID YOU READ MY STORY ABOUT HOW IM A BETTER PERSON THAN YOU!?

Comment31:
Shorts. I do not have any idea how TikTok or Facebook reels are so popular. 

All I know is they are almost always more annoying the shorter their length is.

Comment32:
Those prime drinks

Overpriced piss water

Comment33:
Facetiming people instead of calling them. Unless you have to show me something, I prefer not to show my face on screen

Comment34:
The broccoli top hairstyle.

Comment35:
Influencers.

Comment36:
Giant eyelashes

Comment37:
8-track cassettes and beta max video tapes..in MY day, 8mm reel is all we needed with no sound, and we ad-libbed all the conversations from the home movies we were watching...

Comment38:
Andrew Tate.   I thought we’d left that kind of hateful BS in the 50s where it belonged.

Comment39:
All these damn kids with their tick-tack videos and what not. Why can't they just play marbles like we used to back during the war?

Comment40:
Self diagnosing their mental illnesses

Comment41:
YouTube reaction videos. I don’t understand what’s interesting about watching someone react to watching a different video.

Comment42:
Just because you *have* a Bluetooth speaker doesn't mean you should be blasting your shitty music. I don't want to hear fucking Fetty Wap at like 8 am when I'm getting a donut at 7-11. Like, am I the only person left on earth who appreciates silence once in a while?

Comment43:
Roblox. To me it just looks like it's a game based on a Chinese Lego rip-off, but I'll admit I haven't really looked into it. My nephew is obsessed with it and plays it pretty much every minute of his free time.

Comment44:
Cocomelon

Comment45:
Watching unboxing videos

Comment46:
Im still young, but Mukbang videos. I like cooking shows, but watching someone pig out on camera is just gross.

Comment47:
Influencers(?)

Comment48:
Long ass fake nails. How do you even go to the bathroom with those things without hurting yourself? They’re not even attractive. I don’t get it.

Edit: To be clear, I’m talking LONG here, like inches long. I have longish natural nails and I love getting them done, but I’ve seen people with nails that are over 2 inches long and I don’t understand how you can be productive with nails like that. I’m not mad about it, I just honestly don’t get the hype.

Comment49:
Public prank videos

Comment50:
Paying for & Watching live streams or videos of people playing video games.  I just don’t get it!

Comment51:
Tiktok influencers. They influence me to want to punch them in the neck.

Comment52:
The urge to follow social media trends.

Comment53:
Watching gaming streams. Watching your older brother hog the controller instead of being able to play yourself was considered torture when I grew up.

Edit: a few of you have mentioned that it's like watching sports and that is a good point. Since I don't do that either, I guess it's just lost on me.

Comment54:
Tiktok

Comment55:
[removed]

Comment56:
The idea that shame shouldn’t exist

Comment57:
I’m definitely considered young and I don’t understand the bulk of what people are doing in my generation.

Comment58:
All those idiots paying £20 for bottles of that prime shit. Still don't get it

Comment59:
Continuously clicking pictures of food. Let me eat!

Comment60:
Pretending they’re gangsters

Comment61:
Glorying ignorance and writing everything wrong on purpose.

Comment62:
When guys have that stupid haircut where they wear a baseball/trucker cap and their hair comes out the sides, making them look like the mad hatter

Comment63:
Most Tik Tok videos. Imo it’s just mindless entertainment. Don’t get me wrong, there’s a place for entertainment that allows you to completely check out and just absorb just complete stupidity. That can be fun. But children waste hours of their day just mindlessly scrolling on tik tok when those videos have absolutely no substance.

Comment64:
This thread has made realize how unlikable reddit is

Comment65:
Idgaf about fashion but kids these days are wearing seriously ugly clothes. I think it’s actually intentional so as to never look like they tried and failed. That I actually kind of get so I guess this is a bad answer to your question. Why do you all like rappers who can’t rap though?

Comment66:
[removed]

Comment67:
The new Prime drinks? Is it any different to Gatorade??

Comment68:
This absurd overacting, especially bad overacting about pretty much anything just to hype up what just happened. "OH MY GOSH I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS JUST HAPPENED!!! OOOOHHHH SHIIIIIT!!!"

I'm 23 btw.

Comment69:
Huge, ugly, white sneakers

Comment70:
Going to concerts and holding your phone up to record everything. Maybe just enjoy the show? I’m sure 1 of the 100 other people in the audience doing it will upload it to Youtube.

Comment71:
Tiktok. Why. Just... Why is that a thing?

Comment72:
Vaping

Comment73:
doom scrolling

Comment74:
"Pranking"... , pranking in department stores, prank break and enter, and the latest prank robberies etc....

