COMMENT1:
To any normal person and in any normal place, this would be unacceptable, but if you're getting married at a Trump resort, this is your dream... This is why you're there. These are his true believers.

COMMENT2:
Imagine letting some moron come straight from the courtroom to cut a promo during your own wedding. Insanity.

COMMENT3:
He needed to feed his ego. What a whiney ass bitch.

COMMENT4:
Who tf gets married on a Wednesday at mar-a-lago? Was the days inn booked?

COMMENT5:
- Hours after pleading not guilty to attempting to overturn the results of the 2020 election, Donald Trump made a surprise appearance by gatecrashing a wedding at his golf club.

Videos taken by those at the wedding show Trump, appearing to still be wearing the same suit from court but without the signature red tie, waving at the crowd and shaking hands as they cheered and chanted "USA, USA" in New Jersey.

Someone then seems to pass the former president a microphone. He exchanges a few words with the bride before making an impromptu speech.

A lot of what he was saying was drowned out by the shouting and cheering from the wedding guests. However, one of the things that can be heard is the 77-year-old saying: "I heard so much about this couple... the bride is totally beautiful."

Just a few hours prior to this, Trump had been in a courtroom in Washington DC charged with four criminal counts, including conspiracy to defraud the United States. During his brief arraignment, the former president entered a plea of not guilty.

He briefly spoke to the press afterwards from the tarmac at Reagan Airport, before boarding Trump Force One. He said: "This is a very sad day for America.

"This is the persecution of the person that is leading by very, very substantial numbers in the Republican primary and leading [Joe] Biden by a lot."

Trump was said to be "sour" following his arraignment hearing, with one source saying he had been "irked" by the magistrate judge referring to him simply as Mr Trump, rather than Mr President.

By the time he got to the wedding at his Bedminster golf club, Trump appeared in better spirits. He was seen laughing and grinning as the crowd gave him a raucous reception.

Following his arraignment, Trump declared he had a "very good day". Posting to his Truth Social account, the businessman said: "Considering the fact that I had to fly to a filthy, dirty, falling apart & very unsafe Washington, DC, today & that I was then arrested by my political opponent, who is losing badly to me in the polls, crooked Joe Biden, it was a very good day!"

It's not the first time Trump has turned up uninvited to a wedding on his estate. Both during and after his presidency, he was known to surprise a happy couple on their special day.

At a wedding at his Mar-a-Lago resort in March 2021, the former president took direct aim at President Joe BIden's foreign policy. He claimed the Mexican border was "the worst anyone's ever seen it" and complained about his election loss, before finally paying tribute to the "beautiful couple."

His latest surprise appearance comes after a grand jury indictment on Tuesday, August 1, accused the former president of spreading "lies" and "sham" investigations while stoking an "angry" mob on January 6 in the Capitol riots. He's also accused of using "unlawful means" to try and keep hold of power after losing office to Joe Biden and spreading "lies" that sparked violence during the riot.

Trump faced a federal judge on Thursday afternoon, who read out the four federal charges against him that carry a combined maximum sentence of 55 years in prison. Magistrate Judge Upadhyayay set the next hearing for August 28, warning Trump not to try and influence jurors.

COMMENT6:
It’s all about getting an audience for his grievances, and perhaps getting a little grifting on the side.

COMMENT7:
He longs for confirmation that he is still relevant. The judge making him wait 15 min in court could have been intentional to show him that he is not in charge. And the extra admonition not to talk to any jurors or potential jurors… I think these things rattled him.

COMMENT8:
It was at one of his golf clubs.  Any Gomer that does anything at a trump property is hoping their grifter in chief shows up.

COMMENT9:
In all honesty I would’ve gone up to his handlers and told them he’s not welcome nor was he invited to my event. Fuck off

COMMENT10:
Let me preface this by saying fuck trump

How does any ex president crash any party anywhere, he has a secret service detail and places he goes should be secured., how do you secure a wedding  

What if someone at this wedding a couple maitais in took a steak knife and wanted to see if they could stab through the bullshit to find the gristle, he’s bad enough alive and ready to get tossed in prison I do not need this fucker getting martyred before he gets humbled

COMMENT11:
Dont have to, i remember well how i felt when i saw some guests with swastika armbands in my grandparent's wedding photos in 1940 Germany

COMMENT12:
Imagine the kind of absolute trash that gets married at Mar a Lago.

COMMENT13:
He reminds me of Tinker Bell. He needs the attention and praise to live. If no one gave him any attention he’d wither away

COMMENT14:
“Aww you guys are having a wedding? Here, let me make it about myself.”

COMMENT15:
its ALWAYS the same suit...because he's a character.

He's an irl Ronald MacDonald 

and the marks SCAAAARF it down lol

"hey lookit!! hes wearing red white n blue and shitting on anyone who isnt white!! YEEEHAW!!! Charlene fire up the '97 chevy blazer and lets get down to them polls to own them libs!!!"

COMMENT16:
"Please help me, I am missing my dosage of validation right now."

COMMENT17:
If I was there, I'd run over to the catering station and grab a giant plate of [mashed potatoes](https://www.allvipp.com/celebrities/donald-trump-is-haunted-by-this-story-about-mashed-potatoes), bring them over and watch him cringe.

It's my dream.

COMMENT18:
The husband called him Sir and thanked him with tears in his eyes

COMMENT19:
Dude probably harassed every woman there.

COMMENT20:
If this is your dream wedding,you must have some shitty dreams!

COMMENT21:
How well with this age?  Set a yearly reminder to find out!

COMMENT22:
Desperate for worship. His entire family has abandoned him it looks like

COMMENT23:
If you’re trashy enough to have your wedding at one of his businesses you get what you deserve. He’s just part of the scenery and these clowns probably loved it.

COMMENT24:
It was amazing, Becky! He grabbed the mic looked me dead in the eye, and sang the most beautiful rendition of "On Top of Spaghetti" we'd ever heard. It was our first dance! Then he grabbed my pussy and I swear I heard him cake burp my name...

COMMENT25:
Classic narcissist, his ego got bruised so he ran back to where he knew he would be cheered

COMMENT26:
Agent Seven Seven

COMMENT27:
I wonder if he changed diapers

COMMENT28:
What a cunt.

COMMENT29:
Drunk uncle Drumpf

COMMENT30:
Attention whore

COMMENT31:
Imagine your wedding day and someone making a political speech about how shitty things are for them... and you and the party cheer afterwards.

COMMENT32:
I hate New Jersey Nazis.

COMMENT33:
There's nobody left at a Trump property who doesn't adore him.

It's not gatecrashing, it was somebody's dream wedding.

Is that better or worse though?

COMMENT34:
Again? Or am I just having Deja Vu?

COMMENT35:
this would be my nightmare

COMMENT36:
shouldnt make fun too much, we would have all been better off if trump stayed the old trump, and these were the stories he generated. (he still probably would have been wearing the same suit he had in court, but he was always in court, mainly just to be an ass to others, and to get his bills cut)

COMMENT37:
I would normally be looking for a bottle but that would be normal crazy behavior. If this is sober Trump he is true to form, a whole new level.

COMMENT38:
My husband is a musician and he had a gig at one of the Trump hotels playing at a wedding. Trump came in, stopped the band, took over the mic, talked for a long time about himself, and acted like a top tier asshole. This was years ago, long before he was elected to office.

COMMENT39:
I had a family member invite him to her wedding.  She got a card with his auto pen signature.

COMMENT40:
wtf didn't this happen in bojack horseman

COMMENT41:
He always wears the same suit and tie. It's a fascist uniform. They all have a uniform. It's very intentional.

COMMENT42:
He constantly crashes these festivities then goes on long rants about his perfect phone calls and how he won two elections, the second one by more votes than the first. What a total assface. 🤨

COMMENT43:
I hate to actually defend that piece of shit. But really, are they attacking him because he is wearing the same suit as he was earlier in the day? C'mon, this dude is ripe for ridicule but don't make me feel bad because I don't change my work clothes after lunch. That's brown suit energy.

COMMENT44:
If a sinkhole opened under Bedminster, I'd go and kick a rock in it to see if it would make a sound.

COMMENT45:
So, this is what they call in federal custody? Smh.

COMMENT46:
Talk about a buzz kill, the guy is the literal turd in the punch bowl wherever he goes...

COMMENT47:
He's not "crashing" the wedding.

He comes with the wedding package at his resorts.

Shrimps : extra 10$/per person

Trump : extra 100$/ per person.

COMMENT48:
Is he going for an insanity defense?

COMMENT49:
If i was the DJ I’d cut the mic and say it suddenly broke or something 🎤

COMMENT50:
They kind of asked for it having their wedding at a Trump property.  They secretly hoped Trump would show up. It's a good story.

COMMENT51:
If this criminal nut job crashed a wedding I was in or attending I would have him escorted out and I definitely would not let him speak or give a speech!

COMMENT52:
There probably was a MAGA rally for him to get his ego stroked. When that happens he gatecrashes weddings. 

The only people that hold weddings at his golf course are people that like him.

COMMENT53:
Did he exercise his "prima nocta"?  Or did they bring out a donkey?

&#x200B;

EDIT: For Donald, not the poor bride.

COMMENT54:
2 seconds into speech, he starts ranting about how the couple will be prosecuted like he will be.

COMMENT55:
The couple's kids down the road, why was there a criminal at your wedding and why did you allow him to speak. He didn't even know your name and why was he asking for donations to his PAC fund?

COMMENT56:
I would have loved to have him show up so I can tell him to GTFO

COMMENT57:
What a way to ruin some odies wedding.

COMMENT58:
The only time that throwing cake in peoples faces is acceptable

COMMENT59:
I’m all for this giving him a false sense of security. Can’t wait to watch your ass go to court and try to pull “USA! USA!” as your defense.

Fuck you and all your supporters.

COMMENT60:
Awes he needed a safe space

COMMENT61:
I would of kicked him out and if refused charges him with trespassing as those are typically private events and as such would of been as if was onto my own property for that time.

COMMENT62:
That would actually be kind of cool to have an ex president crash by wedding. I think I recall seeing Tom Hanks do the same. Would make an already memorable night that much more.

COMMENT63:
So, this is what they call in federal custody? Smh.

COMMENT64:
To be fair. He could have been asking people if someone saw some *ahem important document  *ahem  ...

COMMENT65:
I wonder what words he exchanged with the bride.

COMMENT66:
He's the anti-Murray.

COMMENT67:
Did sleepy Donald have issues saying words at the MAGA clan marriage?

COMMENT68:
And he probably had all of the EXACT same shit to say that he always does.

COMMENT69:
Trying to build a case for insanity.

COMMENT70:
Aw...don the con playing dementia.

COMMENT71:
Well I guess if one likes the smell of expired Aqua Velva and back neck moisture.

COMMENT72:
Well, in his defense, it does take a while for the tent manufacturer to put those clown suites together!

COMMENT73:
must be his dementia

COMMENT74:
what a guy

COMMENT75:
#🐷

COMMENT76:
"Cake for everyone!".

COMMENT77:
Wearing the same suit he wore for approximately 1,162 days of his presidency.  The other 298, he was wearing diaper shorts and khaki pants on the golf course.

COMMENT78:
People like Trumpster often fall apart once they get got.

COMMENT79:
It’s all part of his farewell tour

COMMENT80:
Head clown showing up to the clown show

COMMENT81:
Drunk crazy uncle coming through.

